The mission
    v Invent a company together and think of 1 page per person in your team, that the company needs.
    v Divide those pages amongst the group and each person designs one page.
    v Once you are all finished, join those pages together with some form of navigation
    v Publish the result with a github repository (call it name-of-your-business)
    x ASK TIM Make sure everyone in the group has a fork of the website
    v Explain your company in the readme of the repo and put a link to the company 'website' in there
    v Add a parallax image header Example
    v Add a carousel on one page
    v Make your website responsive
    v Mention your phone number somewhere on the one of the pages, in the a tag add tel in the href.

Have a contact form, add a fake email in the mailto property.
You can use bootstrap or SASS, but you are not required to use it. However use of these tools will give you extra credit in the evaluation.

You can choose the make the website in Dutch or English.

Assessment
    You will do some peer evaluation. Every group will evaluate one other group using the checklist below.

Doing the evaluation
1. Create a file in this folder
2. Copy the requirements below into it
3. Tick the right boxes
4. Commit/push the change

Requirements

Perfection is not a detail
 v All buttons and links work
 v All elements work and are complete (menu, lists, images, ...)
 v Everything on the page has a function, a reason to be there
 v No dead links
 v English and dutch are not mixed
 xx No spelling errors
 xx No grammar errors TBU
 v The website is deployed somewhere
 v Everything is relevant (no image of a barber on the website of a baker)
Content
 v Openinghours (if needed)
 v Address (if needed)
 v Clickable email
Text life matters aka typography is real
 v Some words are bolded
 v Some words are italic:
 x Some words have a different color: using a different theme so all text is =/= black
 v We aren't using a default font, cause it's not 2004: we use Barlow
 v Contrast is not too low
 v Typographic hierachy is correct
 x Text has a clear intro, middle, conclusion
 x Intro, middle, conclusion is style correctly
 v Headline font is a headline font
 v Body text font is a body text font
 v The text on the page has a good flow
Style
 v Black is almost black but not #000
 v White is almost white but not #fff ---> #F7f7f7
 v The website is not an ugly color mess
 v The styling is consistent
 v It is not four totally different pages thrown together
 v Everything works even if you are colorblind: lighthouse solves this maybe
Not everyone has free 4G aka speed matters
 v Pictures are not too heavy: no 4K
 v Pictures are not pixelated: >128p
A company wants to be found/SEO: TAGS! check lighthouse to improve SEO
 v All the keywords this company wants to be found on are on the page
 v Page has an H1 tag
 v Page has keyword meta tags : content discription what they contain
 v Page has a title with the keywords in: page name super important
 v Page loads fast: looking good
Keep your workspace clean
 v No unused files in the repo
 v All files have a good, clear name
 v Good folder structure: create pages folder
 v The CSS folder does not have an image folder: styles separate, img separate
 v Not too many files in the root folder: styles, pages, img, index, README, LLA-Checklist
Git(hub) is what you make it
 v All commits use a good comment:
 v A github description has been filled in
 v A github website has been filled in
Readme but also writeme: has to be done, reinout & stefan -markdown- DONE
 v The readme says who made it
 v The readme says why they made it
 v The readme explains what this repo/project is
 x The readme links to a preview (screenshot) : Stefan
 v The readme contains a nice image
 x The readme has a markdown title: Stefan
 v The readme is divided in sections
 v The readme is fun to read
 v The readme looks good
 v The readme is clear, even for someone that has no idea what is going on
I'm So Meta, Even This Acronym
 v Keywords meta tag --> google
 v Description meta tag
 v Title of the page is included
 v Favicon is included: create
 x Responsive meta tag is included
 v Charset is defined
 x Author is defined
Data is the new oil
 x Implements (Google) analytics HOW TIM?
Perform all the tests
 v Lighthouse
 v W3C validator: reinout tries figure out,
Putting the antics back in semantics (but only for the html)
 x The html is semanticly correct: code grammar
 v Navigation is in a nav: okay
 v Lists use list tags: x
 v H tags are used to signal importance: sure
 v No div is used where another element is available: section, blockquote, quote, img, container
 v No span is used where another element is available:
 v No inline styling is put on any element: everything in css
 v Id's are only used once: in css
 v The same 'type' of elements have the same classes: no duplicate id-elements
 v All images have an alt attribute and a title:
Just kidding CSS deserves some love too
 x CSS follows the DRY principle: don't repeat yourself, be precise,
 x The CSS does not contain conflicting selectors (multiple definition for the same class/id)
 x There is no use of !important where it can be avoided
 x The page is responsive going fairly well
Thermometer goes WHERE???
 x Your own style is included after the style of frameworks: not just css frameworks
 x Script tags are put at the end of the body or in the head with async/defer if possible: sure
Errors are to be avoided
 x No http resources are used on an https website:
 x The console shows no errors: